in 2013
aprilia returns to the wholesale segment
road trailer with this all
new cape honor 12 cents on this
new sweet taker in april ya
left the base of the dorsoduro 12
101 points of the evolution of the
dorsoduro sweet years then aprilia has
kept the outline of this
motorcycle the engine and the cycle part but
the twin cylinder of 12 cubic centimeters
sees its mapping altered to be
less brutal and also consumed
month
in the margins of this the tank has increased
its capacity it passes from 15 to 24 liters
all this to increase the autonomy of
the sweet caponord in the dressing is
also unpublished with a fairing
wrapping and setting bubble
manual
the saddle is also new forget
the spartan saddle of the sweet dorsoduro
in here we have the right to a good saddle
more comfortable in appearance all of the
least the entire rear end of the bike
is also changed why for
receive the optional saddlebags as well
that the passenger handles
suddenly we find a new fire
rear caponord 12 100 also has
a new exhaust in position
low over exhaust housing under the
saddle like on the dorsoduro 12 cents
so this exhaust will lower the
center of gravity but we notice that
the collector is pretty tortuous and he
seems pretty exposed under the bike
the category of trail travelers is
not without security of course and and the
soft caponord adopts traction control
and the bs2 series his assistants will be
configurable is disconnectable on the handlebars
so after yade also equipped bag
sweet new caponord years of
active subject suspension to dd then these
semi active suspensions has
predefined duo solo settings with
luggage or sense and will react in
snapshot to the deformations of the
pavement already equipped with the ride by wire
on the sweet dorsoduro in here with the
caponord we find a regulator of
velocity here's the soft caponord years
it's the new aprilia challenge
for 2013 then we do not know yet
the price and availability of this
new very nice machine
nevertheless after there will be a lot to do
with this bike within the category
maxi road trail because there is
many other machines and that are
also very successful one thinks of course to the
future bmw is sweet in gs that is coming
formidable
the kawasaki versys thousand the new ktm
adventure and of course the ducati
multistrada 12/100 team is also
controlled suspension so a
competing of choice against this
aprilia and it's obvious that motorcycle
station we can not wait to compare them